.\"
.\" Man page for ArgEnvFlag
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.\" $Log$
.\"
.TH ArgEnvFlag 3  "19 Aug 94"
.SH NAME
ArgEnvFlag \- Translate argument or environment variable to
a flag.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
Ret_Status ArgEnvFlag(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 15
int *
argc,
.TP 15
char *
argv[],
.TP 15
const char *
argId,
.TP 15
const char *
envVar,
.TP
int *
paramVar )
.SH ARGUMENTS
argc
A pointer to the argc parameter of main. It will be decremented by 2
if argv contains the argId and associated value.
.TP
argv
The argv parameter of main. If argId is found, it will be removed
along with its associated value.
.TP
argId
This is the argument identifier. It specifies the command line flag
used to set the paramVar.
.TP
envVar
The envVar string specifies the environment variable to use as an
alternative to the command line argument.
.TP
paramVar
This variable will be set to true if the environment variable or
command line argument is set.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function sets the paramVar value to TRUE if the argId or
envVar is set. The paramVar should be set to FALSE before it
is passed to this function so the change can be detected.
.SH RETURNS
.TP
RET_SUCCEED
the value was set or not found in either the command line or
the environment.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH FILES
.fn
/usr/local/lib/libCommon.a
/usr/local/include/Common.h
.fn
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ArgEnvDouble(3), ArgEnvInt(3), ArgEnvString(3), ArgEnvBool(3),
ArgEnvLong(3), ArgEnvDouble(3),
SetErrorHandler(3), LibError(3), LIB_ERROR(3)
.SH AUTHORS
Paul Houghton \- 8/19/94 \- (paul_houghton@wiltel.com) 

