.\"
.\" Man page for ArgEnvLong
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.\" $Log$
.\"
.TH ArgEnvLong 3  "19 Aug 94"
.SH NAME
ArgEnvLong \- Translate argument or environment variable to
a long value.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
Ret_Status ArgEnvLong(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 15
int *
argc,
.TP 15
char *
argv[],
.TP 15
const char *
argId,
.TP 15
const char *
envVar,
.TP
int
min,
.TP
int
max,
.TP
int *
paramVar )
.RE
.PD
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
argc
A pointer to the argc parameter of main. It will be decremented by 2
if argv contains the argId and associated value.
.TP
argv
The argv parameter of main. If argId is found, it will be removed
along with its associated value.
.TP
argId
This is the argument identifier. It specifies the command line flag
used to set the paramVar.
.TP
envVar
The envVar string specifies the environment variable to use as an
alternative to the command line argument.
.TP
min
minimal legal value.
.TP
max
maximum legal value.
.TP
paramVar
This variable will be set to the value specified by either the command
line argument or environment variable.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function translates integer flags from either a command line
argument or an environment variable. It uses the same base syntax as
C. If the flag is prefixed with '0x' it will be translated as a
hexadecimal value. If it is prefixed with '0' it will be translated as
octal. Otherwise it will be translated as decimal.
.LP
If both the environment variable and command line argument is set, the
command line argument value will be used.
.SH RETURN
.TP
RET_SUCCEED
the value was set or not found in either the command line or
environment.
.TP
RET_ERROR
incorrect value specified.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <Common.h>

int	 JustANumber = 5;

int main( int argc, char * argv[] )
{
  if( ArgEnvLong( &argc, argv, "num", "NUMBER", 0, 1000, &JustANumber )
      != RET_SUCCEED )
    {
      LIB_ERROR( NULL, "testarg: bad argument" );
      exit(1);
    }

  printf( "Number is: %d\\n", JustANumber );
}

$ testarg
Number is: 5

$ testarg -num 23
Number is: 23

$ testarg -num 0xc
Number is: 12

$ export NUMBER=33
$ testarg
Number is: 33

$ testarg -num 011
Number is: 9


.fn
.SH FILES
.nf
/usr/local/lib/libCommon.a
/usr/local/include/Common.h
.fn
.SH SEE ALSO
ArgEnvBool(3), ArgEnvInt(3),
ArgEnvDouble(3), ArgEnvString(3), ArgEnvFlag(3)
SetErrorHandler(3), LibError(3), LIB_ERROR(3)
.SH AUTHOR
Paul Houghton \- 8/19/94






