.\" $Id$
.TH ArgEnvString 3 Common
.SH NAME
ArgEnvString \- Translate argument or environment variable to
a char string value.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
Ret_Status ArgEnvString(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 15
int *
argc,
.TP 15
char *
argv[],
.TP 15
const char *
argId,
.TP 15
const char *
envVar,
.TP
char **
paramVar )
.RE
.PD
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
argc
A pointer to the argc parameter of main. It will be decremented by 2
if argv contains the argId and associated value.
.TP
argv
The argv parameter of main. If argId is found, it will be removed
along with its associated value.
.TP
argId
This is the argument identifier. It specifies the command line flag
used to set the paramVar.
.TP
envVar
The envVar string specifies the environment variable to use as an
alternative to the command line argument.
.TP
paramVar
This variable will be set to the value specified by either the command
line argument or environment variable.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function translates char string flags from either a command line
argument or an environment variable. 
.LP
If both the environment variable and command line argument is set, the
command line argument value will be used.
.SH RETURN
.TP
RET_SUCCEED
the value was set or not found in either the command line or
environment.
.TP
RET_ERROR
incorrect value specified.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <Common.h>

char *	 OutputFileName = "testarg.out";

int main( int argc, char * argv[] )
{
  if( ArgEnvString( &argc, argv, "of", "OUTPUT", &OutputFileName )
      != RET_SUCCEED )
    {
      LIB_ERROR( NULL, "testarg: bad argument" );
      exit(1);
    }

  printf( "Output file name is: %s\n",OutputFileName );
}

$ testarg
Output file name is: testarg.out

$ testarg -of put.it.here
Output file name is: put.it.here

$ export OUTPUT=t.out
$ testarg
Output file name is: t.out

$ testarg -of test.out
Output file name is: test.out

.fn
.SH FILES
.nf
/usr/local/lib/libCommon.a
/usr/local/include/Common.h
.fn
.SH SEE ALSO
ArgEnvBool(3), ArgEnvDouble(3), ArgEnvInt(3)
SetErrorHandler(3), LibError(3), LIB_ERROR(3)
.SH AUTHOR
Paul Houghton \- 6/7/94

