.\"
.\" Man page for AvlWalk
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.\" $Log$
.\"
.TH AvlWalk 3  "26 Jun 94 (Common)"
.SH NAME
AvlWalk \- traverse an AVL tree performing an action at each node.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
void AvlWalk(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 18
AvlTree
tree,
.TP 18
void
(*action)
.RS
.RS
.TP 15
void *
data,
.TP 15
AvlVisit
order,
.TP 15
AvlNodeType
node,
.TP 15
int
level
.TP 15
short
balance,
.TP 15
void *
closure )
.RE
.RE
.TP 18
AvlSiblingOrder
siblingOrder,
.TP 18
void *
closure )
.PD
.RE
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
tree
the AVL tree to walk.
.TP
action
this function will be called for three times for every node in the
tree. The calls correspond to the three different types of tree
traversal: preorder, inorder and postorder.
.RS
.TP
data
is the data pointer passed to AvlAdd(3)
.TP
order
will be either AVL_PREORDER, AVL_INORDER or AVL_POSTORDER depending
upon whether this is the first, second or third visit to this node.
.TP
node
type of node. One of AVL_IS_TREE, AVL_IS_LBRANCH, AVL_IS_RBRANCH,
AVL_IS_LEAF, AVL_IS_NULL
.TP
level
will be the current depth of the tree (with the root being level zero)
that the current node corresponds to.
.TP
balance
will be the balance factor for the current node (which should range 
from -1 .. 1).
.TP
closure
is the closure argument passed to AvlWalk.
.RE
.TP
siblingOrder
is the order to traverse the tree. It must be either LEFT_TO_RIGHT,
or RIGHT_TO_LEFT.
.TP
closure
the closure value to pass to action.
.SH DESCRIPTION
AvlWalk will traverse each item in the tree in the specified
sibling order and apply the function action each time it encounters a
node. Each non-empty node will be encountered three times
(corresponding to the three different types of tree traversal:
preorder, inorder, and postorder).
.SH RETURNS
None
.SH FILES
.nf
/usr/local/include/Common.h
/usr/local/lib/libCommon.a
.fn
.SH "SEE ALSO"
AvlInit(3), AvlAttach(3), , AvlAdd(3), AvlFind(3), AvlDel(3), AvlGetRoot(3),
AvlDispose(3), AvlCount(3), AvlDelMin(3), AvlFindMin(3),
AvlDelMax(3), AvlFindMax(3), Common(3)
.SH AUTHORS
.PD 0
Brad Appleton - <brad@ssd.csd.Harris.COM>,
.LP
Paul Houghton - (houghton@cworld.wiltel.com) 

