.\"
.\" File:     Common.3
.\" Project:	Common
.\" Desc:        
.\"
.\"     Man page for Common (Common.h Ver: 2.13)
.\"
.\" Author:      Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)
.\" Created:     06/06/94
.\"
.\" Revision History: (See end of file for Revision Log)
.\"
.\"  Last Mod By:    $Author$
.\"  Last Mod:	    $Date$
.\"  Version:	    $Revision$
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.TH Common 3  "04/29/97 06:26 (Common)"
.SH NAME
Common - Common C Function Library
.SH DESCRIPTION
libCommon is a collection of C generic functions that should be useful
for most projects. It is available for Aix, Sun, HP, Sequent,
Vax & MS-Win.
.SH MISC DATA TYPES, CONSTANTS & GLOBALS
.TP
COMMON_LIB_VERSION
macro with the hex encoded library version number.
.TP
CommonLibVersion
const long of the hex encoded library version number that was
compiled.
.TP
CommonVersion
a string containing the library version info.
.TP
BOOL
macro defined as int.
.TP
TRUE
macro defined as 1.
.TP
FALSE
macro defined as 0.
.TP
YES
macro defined as 1.
.TP
NO
macro defined as 0.
.TP
ON
macro defined as 1.
.TP
OFF
macro defined as 0.
.SH ERROR DATA TYPES, CONSTTANTS & GLOBALS
.TP
Ret_Status
enum used for return status. Values are RET_SUCCEED, RET_DONE,
RET_DATA, RET_ERROR, RET_FATAL
.TP
CommonErrorType
enum used to define the type of an error. Values are:
.RS
.TP
ET_NONE
not set.
.TP
ET_APP
application error.
.TP
ET_OSERROR
operating system error.
.TP
ET_COMMON
libCommon error value (see CommonError).
.TP
ET_WCF
libWcf error value. See Wcf(3).
.TP
ET_SYBERR
Sybase error.
.TP
ET_SYBMSG
Sybase message.
.TP
ET_SYBOC
libSyboc error. See Syboc(3).
.RE
.TP
CommonError
enum used for libCommon error codes. Values are:
.RS
.TP
EC_NONE
No Error.
.TP
EC_BADPARAM
invalid parameter passed
.TP
EC_RANGE
Value out of range.
.RE
.LP
.TP
CommonErrno
CommonError value of the last libCommon error.
.TP
CommonErrorDesc
a string description of the last libCommon error.
.TP
CommonErrorFile
char string containing the name of the source file where the last
error occurred.
.TP
CommonErrorLine
int line number of source file where the last error occurred.
.TP
CommonErrorHandler
type for the error handler used by SetErrorHandler(3) and
GetErrorHandler(3). 
.SH LOGGER DATA TYPES, CONSTTANTS & GLOBALS
.TP
LogLogBit
enum of log entry types.
.TP
LogSetLevelType
enum used to specify how to set the output log levels.
.TP
LogOutFileType
enum to specify the type of log file to create.
.TP
LoggerFunct
type for the logger function used by LoggerInit(3), LoggerSetFunct(3)
and LoggerGetFunct(3).
.SH TIME DATA TYPES, CONSTANTS & GLOBALS
.TP
SEC_PER_MIN
macro defined as the number of seconds in a minute.
.TP
SEC_PER_HOUR
macro defined as the number of seconds in a hour.
.TP
SEC_PER_DAY
macro defined as the number of seconds in a day.
.TP
SEC_PER_YEAR
macro defined as the number of seconds in a (non-leap) year.
.TP
MIN_PER_HOUR
macro defined as the number of minues in an hour.
.TP
DayOfWeek
enum of the days of the week; Sunday=0, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
.TP
DaysInMonth
int array with number of days in each month (Jan=0).
.TP
MonthDayOfYear
int array  with the day of year for the first of every month.
.TP
Months
string array with names of the month (Jan=0).
.TP
AbbrMonths
string array with month abbreviations (Jan=0).
.TP
WeekDays
string array with names of the days of the week (Sun=0).
.TP
AbbrWeekDays
string array with day of week abbreviations (Sun=0).
.SH BIT MANIPULATION DATA TYPES, CONSTANTS & GLOBALS
.TP
CHAR_BITS
the number of bits in a char.
.TP
SHORT_BITS
the number of bits in a short.
.TP
LONG_BITS
then number of bits in a long.
.TP
INT_BITS
the number of bits in an int.
.TP
CHAR_ALL_BITS
a char with all its bits turned on.
.TP
SHORT_ALL_BITS
a short with all its bits turned on.
.TP
LONG_ALL_BITS
a long with all its bits turned on.
.TP
INT_ALL_BITS
an it with all its bits turned on.
.SH AVL TREE DATA TYPES, CONSTANTS & GLOBALS
.TP
AvlTree
typedef used to declare AVL tree identifiers.
.TP
AvlVisit
typedef definition of traversal type.
.TP
AvlSiblingOrder
typedef definition of sibling order type.
.TP
AvlNodeType
typedef definition of node type.
.SH ERROR FUNCTIONS
.TP
SetErrorHandler(3)
specify the function to call when an error occurs and/or when
Error(3) is called.
.TP
GetErrorHandler(3)
get the current error handler and closure.
.TP
Error(3)
call the error handler using a printf like format string. (the default
error handler outputs a log entry).
.TP
ErrorArgs(3)
call the error handler with stdarg like args. (the default
error handler outputs a log entry).
.TP
SetError(3)
function to specify an error has occured.
.TP
ErrorMesg(3)
call the error handler with the values established using SetError(3).
.TP
ErrorTypeString(3)
translate a CommonErrorType value to a string.
.TP
CommonErrorString(3)
translate a CommonError value to a string.
.TP
SET_ERROR_CLOSURE(3)
macro to specifiy a library error has occured.
.TP
SET_ERROR(3)
macro to specify a library error has occurred.
.TP
SET_APP_ERROR(3)
macro to specify an application error has occurred.
.TP
ERROR(3)
macro to call SetError and ErrorMesg with default parameters.
.TP
ERROR_APP(3)
macro to call SetError and ErrorMesg with default parameters.
.SH ARG / ENV FUNCTIONS
.TP
ArgEnvBool(3)
translate command line argument or environment variable to a boolean
value.
.TP
.TP
ArgEnvDouble(3)
translate command line argument or environment variable to a double.
.TP
ArgEnvFlag(3)
translate command line argeuemnt or environment variable to a flag.
.TP
ArgEnvInt(3)
translate command line argument or environment variable to an integer
value.
.TP
ArgEnvLong(3)
translate command line argument or environment variable to a long.
.TP
ArgEnvString(3)
translate command line argument or environment variable to a char
string.
.SH LOGGING FUNCTIONS
.TP
LogLevelSetString(3)
the string for a specific LogLevelBit.
.TP
LogLevelFromString(3)
converts a string to a LogLevelBit.
.TP
LogLevelString(3)
convert a log level into a string.
.TP
LoggerInit(3)
initialize the logger.
.TP
LoggerSetLogFile(3)
set the file that log entries will be written to.
.TP
LoggerSetOutputLevel(3)
set the type of log entries that should be output.
.TP
LoggerSetDate(3)
turn on/off prefixing the date and time of log entries.
.TP
LoggerSetLoc(3)
turn on/off including the source file and line in log entries.
.TP
LoggerSetTee(3)
turn on/off tee'ing log entries to stderr.
.TP
LoggerSetFunct(3)
specify the function to use to process log entries.
.TP
LoggerGetFunct(3)
retrieve the function used to process log entries.
.TP
LoggerLevel(3)
set the level for the next log entry.
.TP
LoggerLoc(3)
set the source file and line number for the next log entry.
.TP
Logger(3)
create a log entry.
.TP
LoggerArgs(3)
creates a log entry using the args passed.
.TP
LoggerTrim(3)
trim the log file.
.TP
LOGITLOC(3)
create a log entry using file, line, level and logArgs.
.TP
LOGIT(3)
create a log entry.
.TP
LOGFUNCT(3)
create a LOG_FUNCT entry.
.TP
LOGERROR(3)
create a LOG_ERROR level log entry.
.SH STRING FUNCTIONS
.TP
CHAR_TO_INT(3)
translate a single char to an integer value.
.TP
IS_BASE_DIGIT(3)
true or false, is a char value a valid digit of the specified base.
.TP
SAFE_STRCPY(3)
copy a string into dest for 'size' bytes and null terminate it.
.TP
E2A(3)
convert an EBCDIC character to its ASCII equivalent.
.TP
StringToInt(3)
convert a string to an integer.
.TP
StringToUInt(3)
convert a string to an unsigned integer.
.TP
StringToShort(3)
convert a string to a short.
.TP
StringToUShort(3)
convert a string to an unsigned short.
.TP
StringToLong(3)
convert a string to a long.
.TP
StringToULong(3)
convert a string to an unsigned long.
.TP
StringToDouble(3)
convert a string to a double.
.TP
CenterLine(3)
prefix a string buffer with spaces to center it on a line.
.TP
StrinpSpaces(3)
remove leading and trailing spaces from a string.
.TP
EbcdicToAscii(3)
convert all characters in an EBCDIC char buffer to ASCII.
.TP
strlwr(3)
convert a string to lower case.
.TP
strupr(3)
convert a string to upper case.
.TP
strdup(3)
duplicate a string into a malloc'ed space.
.TP
basename(3)
return a pointer to the filename portion of a pathname.
.SH DATE/TIME FUNCTIONS
.TP
IsLeapYear(3)
true or false, is the specified year a leap year.
.TP
Difftm(3)
return the difference of two tm structs in seconds
.TP
YYYYMMDDtoTimeT(3)
convert a YYMMDD string to time_t.
.TP
YYMMDDtoTimeT(3)
convert a YYMMDD string to time_t.
.TP
HHMMSStoTimeT(3)
convert a HHMMSS string to time_t.
.TP
DateStringToTimeT(3)
convert date/time string to time_t.
.TP
DateStringFromTimeT(3)
convert a time_t value to a string.
.TP
DateStringFromTm(3)
convert a tm struct to a string.
.TP
YearMonthDayToTimeT(3)
convert a year, month and day to a time_t value.
.TP
HourMinSecToTimeT(3)
convert an hour, minute and second to a time_t value.
.TP
strptime(3)
convert a date time string to a tm struct.
.SH BIT MANIPULATION FUNCTIONS
.TP
Bit(3)
return an int with a specific bit set.
.TP
Host2NetShort(3)
return a short converted to network byte order.
.TP
Net2HostShort(3)
return a short converted from network to host byte order.
.TP
Host2NetUShort(3)
return a unsigned short converted to network byte order.
.TP
Net2HostUShort(3)
return a unsigned short converted from network to host byte order.
.TP
Host2NetInt(3)
return a int converted to network byte order.
.TP
Net2HostInt(3)
return a int converted from network to host byte order.
.TP
Host2NetUInt(3)
return a unsigned int converted to network byte order.
.TP
Net2HostUInt(3)
return a unsigned int converted from network to host byte order.
.TP
Host2NetLong(3)
return a long converted to network byte order.
.TP
Net2HostLong(3)
return a long converted from network to host byte order.
.TP
Host2NetULong(3)
return a unsigned long converted to network byte order.
.TP
Net2HostULong(3)
return a unsgined long converted from network to host byte order.
.SH AVL BINARY TREE FUNCTIONS
.TP
AvlInit(3)
initialize an AVL (balanced binary) tree.
.TP
AvlAttach(3)
attach to an existing AVL tree.
.TP
AvlGetRoot(3)
return the root pointer of an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlAdd(3)
add a new record (node) to an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlDel(3)
delete a record from an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlFind(3)
find a record in an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlCount(3)
return the number of records in an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlDispose(3)
destroy an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlWalk(3)
execute a specified function for each record of an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlDelMin(3)
delete the first (smallest) record of an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlFindMin(3)
find the first record of an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlDelMax(3)
delete the last record of an AVL tree.
.TP
AvlFindMax(3)
find the last record of an AVL tree.
.SH MISC FUNCTIONS
.TP
TempFileName(3)
create a unique file name.
.TP
ForeachFile(3)
execute a function for each file in a directory.
.TP
CanExecute(3)
can a specific file be executed.
.TP
FindPath(3)
search for a file in using a path and return the full file name.
.TP
MemberOfGroup(3)
is the current user a member of the specified group.
.TP
FileModeString(3)
return a string representation of the mode passed.
.TP
DWORD_ALIGN(3)
return a value aligned to a dword (4 byte) value. 
.TP
CommonGetVersion(3)
return the version string to identify the version of the library.
.SH FILES
.nf
/usr/local/lib/libCommon.a
/usr/local/include/Common.h
/usr/local/include/CommonConfig.h
.fn
.SH SEE ALSO
Clue(3)
.SH AUTHORS
Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)
.nf
Avl - Brad Appleton	<brad@ssd.csd.Harris.COM>
Harris Computer Systems, Fort Lauderdale, FL USA
.fi

.\"
.\" $Log$
.\"
