.\"
.\" File:      HourMinSecToTimeT.3
.\" Project:   Common
.\" Desc:        
.\"
.\"     Man page for HourMinSecToTimeT
.\"
.\" Author:      Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)
.\" Created:     05/07/97 03:56
.\"
.\" Revision History: (See end of file for Revision Log)
.\"
.\"  Last Mod By:    $Author$
.\"  Last Mod:       $Date$
.\"  Version:        $Revision$
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.TH HourMinSecToTimeT 3  "05/07/97 03:56 (Dist)"
.SH NAME
HourMinSecToTimeT \- convert an hour, minute and second to a time_t value.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
time_t HourMinSecToTimeT(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 10
int
hour,
.TP 10
int
min,
.TP 10
int
sec )
.PD
.RE
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
hour
the hour of the day (0 -> 23).
.TP
min
the minute of the hour (0 -> 60).
.TP
sec
the second of the minute (0 -> 60).
.SH DESCRIPTION
Convert the 'hour', 'min', and 'sec' values passed to a time_t
value. The date portion of the time_t value created will be 0.
.SH RETURNS
the converted time_t value.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
%INSTALL_INC_DIR%/Common.h
.LP
%INSTALL_LIB_DIR%/libCommon.a
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Common(3), YYYYMMDDtoTimeT(3), YYMMDDtoTimeT(3),
HHMMSStoTimeT(3), DateStringToTimeT(3), DateStringFromTimeT(3),
DateStringFromTm(3), YearMonthDayToTimeT(3),
strftime(3)
.SH AUTHORS
Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)

.\"
.\" Revision Log:
.\"
.\" $Log$
.\" Revision 2.2  1998/09/24 14:30:04  houghton
.\" Reworked to replace directory names with Makefile variable value.
.\"
.\" Revision 2.1  1997/05/07 11:35:42  houghton
.\" Initial version.
.\"
.\"
