.\"
.\" File:      LogLevelFromString.3
.\" Project:   Common
.\" Desc:        
.\"
.\"     Man page for LogLevelFromString() Ver: 2.3
.\"
.\" Author:      Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)
.\" Created:     06/21/94
.\"
.\" Revision History: (See end of file for Revision Log)
.\"
.\"  Last Mod By:    $Author$
.\"  Last Mod:       $Date$
.\"  Version:        $Revision$
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.TH LogLevelFromString 3  "04/29/97 08:41 (Common)"
.SH NAME
LogLevelFromString \- convert a string into a collection of LogLevelBits.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
int LogLevelFromString(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 15
const char *
levelString )
.PD
.RE
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
levelString
the string to convert to a collection of LogLevelBits. The string can
contain multiple log levels which will be OR'd for the return value.
The default strings are: NONE, ERROR, WARN, APP_1, APP_2, APP_3,
APP_4, APP_5, APP_6, LIB_1, LIB_2, LIB_3, LIB_4,
INFO, TEST, DEBUG, FUNCT and ALL.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Converts a string containing log levels into a value that can be used
as the outputLevel parameter to LoggerInit(3) or
LoggerSetOutputLevel(3). This function was developed to make it easy
to convert command line arguments.
.SH RETURNS
an int with the correct LogLevelBits set.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf

    ...

    LoggerInit( "../logs", "doit.log",
		LOG_REOPEN,
		4096000, 4096,
		LOG_SET,
		LogLevelFromString( " ERROR | WARN | TEST" ),
		TRUE, TRUE );
    ...
.fn    	
.SH FILES
.PD 0
%INSTALL_INC_DIR%/Common.h
.LP
%INSTALL_LIB_DIR%/libCommon.a
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Common(3), LogLevelSetString(3), LogLevelString(3), LoggerInit(3),
LoggerSetLogFile(3), LoggerSetOutputLevel(3), LoggerSetDate(3),
LoggerSetLoc(3), LoggerSetTee(3), LoggerSetFunct(3),
LoggerGetFunct(3), LoggerLevel(3), LoggerLoc(3), Logger(3),
LoggerArgs(3), LoggerTrim(3),
LOGITLOC(3), LOGIT(3), LOGFUNCT(3), LOGERROR(3) 
.SH AUTHORS
Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)

.\"
.\" Revision Log:
.\"
.\" $Log$
.\" Revision 2.2  1998/09/24 14:30:04  houghton
.\" Reworked to replace directory names with Makefile variable value.
.\"
.\" Revision 2.1  1997/05/07 11:35:01  houghton
.\" Updated for release 2.01.02
.\"
.\" Revision 2.0  1995/10/28 17:34:46  houghton
.\" Move to Version 2.0
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1  1994/07/05  21:38:08  houghton
.\" Updated man pages for all libCommon functions.
.\"
.\"
