.\"
.\" File:      SetError.3
.\" Project:   Common
.\" Desc:        
.\"
.\"     Man page for SetError() Ver: 2.2
.\"
.\" Author:      Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)
.\" Created:     04/29/97 06:40
.\"
.\" Revision History: (See end of file for Revision Log)
.\"
.\"  Last Mod By:    $Author$
.\"  Last Mod:       $Date$
.\"  Version:        $Revision$
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.TH SetError 3  "04/29/97 06:40 (Common)"
.SH NAME
SetError \- Set the information for an error that has occured.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
void SetError(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 18
const char *
srcFile,
.TP 18
long
srcLine,
.TP 18
CommonErrorType
errorType,
.TP 18
int
errorValue,
.TP 18
const char *
errorDesc,
.TP 18
void *
closure )
.PD
.RE
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
srcFile
the source file name where the error occured (i.e. __FILE__).
.TP
srcLine
the source line number where the error occured (i.e. __LINE__).
.TP
errorType
the type of value in errorValue.
.TP
errorValue
error value representing the error.
.TP
errorDesc
addition descriptive info for the error.
.TP
closure
the closure value to pass to the error handler.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function sets internal variables to the arguments passed. It
allows you the set the fact that an error has occured without actually
calling the error handler. Use ErrorMesg(3) to call the error handler
after using SetError.
.SH RETURNS
None.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
%INSTALL_INC_DIR%/Common.h
.LP
%INSTALL_LIB_DIR%/libCommon.a
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Common(3), SetErrorHandler(3), GetErrorHandler(3),
Error(3), ErrorArgs(3), ErrorMesg(3), ErrorTypeString(3),
CommonErrorString(3),
SET_ERROR_CLOSURE(3), SET_ERROR(3), ERROR(3), ERROR_APP(3)
.SH AUTHORS
Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)

.\"
.\" Revision Log:
.\"
.\" $Log$
.\" Revision 2.1  1997/05/07 11:35:48  houghton
.\" Initial version.
.\"
.\"
