.\"
.\" File:      TempFileName.3
.\" Project:   Common
.\" Desc:        
.\"
.\"     Man page for TempFileName
.\"
.\" Author:      Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)
.\" Created:     05/07/97 04:54
.\"
.\" Revision History: (See end of file for Revision Log)
.\"
.\"  Last Mod By:    $Author$
.\"  Last Mod:       $Date$
.\"  Version:        $Revision$
.\"
.\" $Id$
.\"
.TH TempFileName 3  "05/07/97 04:54 (Common)"
.SH NAME
TempFileName \- create a unique filename.
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <Common.h>
.LP
const char * TempFileName(
.PD 0
.RS
.TP 18
const char *
dir,
.TP 18
const char *
prefix )
.PD
.RE
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
dir
the directory portion of the file name. If NULL, the environment will
be searched for TMPDIR, TMP and TEMP and the first value found will be
used.
.TP
prefix
a string to prefix to the filename.
.SH DESCRIPTION
This function will create up to 238,328 unique file names. It uses the
'dir', 'prifix', process id and 3 characters to create the file
name. The stat function is used internally to verify the name is
unique, so if this function is called twice without creating the file
for the first call, the same value may be returned (very rare).
.SH RETURNS
.TP
const char *
an interal static string containing the unique file name.
.TP
NULL
an error occured.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
%INSTALL_INC_DIR%/Common.h
.LP
%INSTALL_LIB_DIR%/libCommon.a
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Common(3)
.SH AUTHORS
Paul A. Houghton - (paul.houghton@wcom.com)

.\"
.\" Revision Log:
.\"
.\" $Log$
.\" Revision 2.1  1997/05/07 11:35:49  houghton
.\" Initial version.
.\"
.\"
